{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh21080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PhotoPlus\
Role: Magazine cover and feature story layout.- Fall 2013\
\
This project involved coming up with a theme for an upcoming issue of Photoplus magazine.  This publication is known for giving the  latest tips and tricks for the latest Canon cameras out in the market and my job for this project was to design the cover and a feature story within the issue.\
\
I came up with a special \'93Black and White Edition\'94 for this project.. Photoplus magazine primarily focuses on on vibrant and visually compelling still images taken with Canon cameras, but I though it would be more interesting to create an issue that featured the beauty of black and white photography.\
It\'92s kind of  award sell to convince editors of a publication that\'92s in the business of color pictures to try and sell the idea of black and white, but the direction was a good idea to break the monotony of continually producing color issues.\
\
\
\
\
Allure magazine cover and feature story layout.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Role: Magazine cover and feature story layout.- Winter 2013\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
This project involved creating a compelling cover design for Allure magazine. The project reveals my ability to adapt and create content for subject matter that isn\'92t necessarily relatable to my personal life. I was challenged to go out of my comfort zone and find a design solution that this particular businesses\'92 target demographic would find interest in. In case you haven\'92t figured it out, Allure is primarily a women\'92s magazine.\
\
At the time, Jennifer Lawrence was the \'93it\'94 girl; so I used her as the feature story for this issue. The second part of my task was to design a page layout for a feature story about the latest trend: \'93Frilly and Feathery miniskirts. Th design for the miniskirt story was inspired from a page layout design on a story about Louis C.K. found in Rolling Stone Magazine. Ironically, Louis C.K.  has nothing to do with women\'92s fashion (or miniskirts), but the graphical style used to present Louis\'92 story was adaptable to this story for women.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Love Luna Artisanal Gelato\
Role: Logo and Identity Branding- Art direction- Advertising\
\
The design brief for this project asked us to create  an identity for a \'93hip\'94 eatery that primarily sold \'93hand-crafted\'94 artisanal gelato. These venues (located in Japan, New York and Brazil) )were to create an atmosphere that was clean, international, and appealing to more sophisticated types. I came up with various logos and art direction for this project, and decided to use the company name to drive the logo design.\
\
The logotype is hand drawn to reflect the hand-crafted one of a kind products that this business produces. The actual logo is an ice cream cone illustration that has bounced light that also works as a moon in the composition.When interpreted in abstraction, \'93Love Luna Artisan Studio Gelato\'94, could mean \'93Love and eat our fancy ice cream at night\'94\'85\
\
The second half of this project was to art direct and develop advertising for billboards and magazines. I came up with 3 contrasting solutions. The first concept is a composition of children eating ice cream with the company tagline written across the page. This concept was meant to appeal more to families and relate to people who remember eating ice cream as a child. The second concept is an overhead photo of  their product. The neon pink color of the ice cream is attention gathering and \'93edgy\'94. The last ad concept is also an overhead photo of the gelato being hand mixed over cold marble- which helps to emphasize the unique and \'93hand-crafted\'94 value that this business is attempting to promote.\
\
\
\
YMCA\
Rebranding Proposal\
\
Here is a logo redesign I created for the YMCA.  This non-profit organization has had a number of logo redesigns throughout its existence and with the election of the new chair, I thought it fitting to design a new version of the logo.  Inspiration for the redesign included a survey of logos done in the past and evaluating the brand values. From this, I summed up that the YMCA was a safe place for recreation and activities. This idea led me to creating a storyboard that involved swimming pools and running tracks.\
\
I implemented the idea of motion, recreation and activity by creating parallel lines that run along the left side of the letter y\'92s arm and stem. I kept the letter y and the triangle in the composition to maintain consistent to the brand\'92s history. I believe this solution, is already familiar, and not too much of a derivation from what\'92s been done in the past; but it\'92s also different enough of a change to be noticed- an upgrade from what already exists.\
\
\
\
\
Mount Auburn Hospital\
Hospital Graphics System\
\
Mount Auburn Hospital is a hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts, affiliated with Harvard Medical School. It was founded in 1886 as the first hospital in Cambridge and until 1947 was known as Cambridge Hospital.\
\
Mount Auburn Hospital wanted some simple designs for various marketing collateral. This project involved creating designs for a brochure, a buckslip,\
postcards, letterhead, envelopes, a tri-fold brochure, and medical forms. I took there existing logo and color pallet to create designs that align themselves to what is usually found in hospital graphic systems.\
\
\
Ocean Park Entertainment Group\
Flash Microsites\
\
Below are  links to a series of flash websites that I created Ocean Park Entertainment Group.  OPEG is a family of investors and restauranteurs that own s series of bars in Santa Monica, Hollywood, San Fernando Valley and Downtown Los Angeles. All these bars have a familiar look, feel, and clientele. I was lucky enough to work with this group to not only design their websites,  but to do the music programming there as well.\
\
These sites were made in the mid 2000\'92s, during the height of when flash was all the buzz. Technology since that time has evolved and the popularity of iOS mobile devices has since then diminished the value of flash. The micro sites that I designed were for Barcopa, The Room in Hollywood, and Coda.\
\
\
\
\'93Glint\'94 - Wordpress Theme\
Role: Develop and Design a Content Management System using Wordpress\
\
This wordpress theme is a single page web application that is responsive and optimized to fit on any device. This particular theme includes demonstrations of my ability to use CSS animations, is parallaxed enabled, various types of image galleries, varying page templates within the sites\'92 CMS.\
\
The overall theme and inspiration for this design was derived from the punk rock era. I used the color pink along with black and white imagery to established a look and feel that is edgy, \'93rad\'94 , but yet posh.\
\
\
Compositing\
Role: Image retouching and compositing\
\
These are a series of personal works that I created to demonstrate some compositing and digital imaging techniques using photoshop. \
\
The first composition shows a couple trying to canoe up a building trying to reach the pristine waters on the top flow.\
\
The second composition is herd of elephants rampaging through Buckingham palace.\
\
The third composition is similar to the first, but I used a horse race instead.\
\
The last composition is an illustration of heavenly bodies that are cubicle and covered with water. \
\
\
\
\
\
Landscapes\
Role: Photography and Image Cleanup\
\
These are a series of landscape photos of the local area that I took during \'93the magic hour\'94. I didn\'92t do much to them in post-production.\
\
\
Mask of Fear\
Role: Motion Graphics \
\
This is a title sequence that I created for a documentary about the Bauhaus School; titled, \'93Mask of Fear\'94. In this sequence I used AfterEffects and my digital compositing skills to tell the story using a technique inspired by Ken Burns. The images that I used were found from the internet and required a lot of work to get it in a more workable form. \
\
\
\
\
\
\'93The Godfather\'94\
Role: Personal projects inspired by James Brown\
\
Included are a series of poster designs I created using James Brown as my muse.  I used various illustration and digital imaging techniques along with typography to create the different designs.\
\
\
\
Random\
Role: Personal Work and Explorations\
\
Here are a collection of illustrations and random explorations of techniques and approaches. Most of this work was done using illustrator and photoshop.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}